Jira Add Authentication (#15618)
demisto/content: Packs/Jira/Integrations/JiraV2/README.md

    | Username (Basic Authentication) |  | False |
    | Password (Deprecated - Use API token) |  | False |
    | API token |  | False |

>     | Consumer key (OAuth 1.0) | If other required field are not provided (both Access Token and Private Key), will be ignored. | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Consumer key (OAuth 1.0) | Will be ignored if other required fields are not provided (for example both the Access Token and the Private Key). | False |
```
